Welcome to the kingdom of Elenath, ruled by King Fredrik and Queen Elaine. “Royal hands wield swords alone”

Our story begins in Storm Haven, a city by the Pearl Sea, ruled by Duke Peter Stoneheart. 
Nestled into the Crystal Mountains, Storm Haven looks west to the ocean, east to the great river Roalyn and the capital, Flame's Crest, south to farmlands and fields, and to the north, through the Ashen Pass, 
the Twisted Forest. 

South of Elenath is the Kingdom of Petroath, ruled by Queen Marinth and her consort, Gephe. 
While she stands at odds with Elenath over the usage of royal magic, they have maintained an uneasy alliance for hundreds of years. 

North of the kingdom, through the Twisted Forest lies the Castle of the Sleeping Knight, a legendary keep which was (hundreds of years ago) the capital of a much larger kingdom, including Elenath, Petroath,
and many more, according to legends. 
While the land is considered too dangerous to inhabit, Fredrik and Marinth have agreed to protect it from outsider invasion. 

Bordering Elenath and Petroath is the Order of the Dawn, a holy legion of the Masagov knights. 
Swearing fealty to no king, they follow their holy orders and causes. Notably, they run two schools, magic and swords. 
Anyone who is anybody sends their children there to be tested and hopefully trained. Non-royal graduates may be sent as advisors to the various kingdoms but ultimately answer to their warrior goddess, Ania. 

The seas are swarmed with pirates; various bands and alliances but the most notable is Sir Marand, the pirate lord. 
Known and somewhat respected by the kings of the lands, he has a new alliance with Duke Stoneheart respecting both the Elenath Navy and the kingdoms beyond the sea. 

Beyond Elenath is Sorova (King Ustar and Queen Rene), Qulorick (Queen Zoe), Lashier (King Riv and his sister Queen Vir), and Zolwen (Prince Madic)
You are here, in the court of Duke Stoneheart, after answering an advertisement for a grand adventure; with a reward of 1,000 Platinum, other various treasures, and endless glory.
